Sunday in case you don't know it's
Mother's Day giver what are you getting
your mother for Mother's Day you get her
gift you have flowers and I take it to
dinner you take her to dinner what about
your mother-in-law no I haven't talked
to her in six years okay very good so on
Mother's Day we take our mothers to
brunch we give them flowers we let them
know how much we love them then we go
back to screening their phone calls the
rest of the year
moms are the best especially when it
comes to sending text so as a tribute to
the mothers of the world we run around
our office today we ask them to people
who work here to read actual texts from
their actual moms and this is what they
shared hi Ben my friends that came to
watch your comedy said your eye contact
and stage presentation was good and you
are very good and funny without the sex
jock there are very good comedian they
do well like Bill Cosby and others
without the dirty job this is in 2012 so
but still hey that picture put on
Instagram you look like a movie glamour
girl where were you going your boobs
look bigger are you wearing a push-up
bra are you exercising your chest when
you go to the gym what is Facebook
etiquette when someone pokes you do you
hope back or what a high school friend
who I only see it reunions just poke me
what should I do
she poked me a year ago and I didn't
respond I thought I had removed the poke
I wonder instead if I poked her love mom
right now I'm trying to take your dad to
the mall to distract him he's on
Facebook too much married men should not
be allowed on that thing I'm going to
shut it down and don't tell him call me
fYI yesterday at cards I was told to use
vicks vapor rub on my cuticles can't
wait to try that tonight xoxo our
painter
who has joint pain started using this
cream parentheses odor free and gets a
lot of relief buys it on Amazon for a
great savings I thought it was worth
sharing with you son I have no clue
where you are but you need to call your
mother so don't make me put out an APB
on you because you know I will call me
love love I'm at work
Jane told me in the Nantucket
housekeeper died two weeks ago we went
to Red Hook and medical a slower he's
going to do our chandelier it's gonna
look like rice paper only made out of
glass when it's turned on
naturally I then did an extensive real
estate search on real estate at Red Hook
it's perfect except for attempts to go
underwater but we had an adventure with
young people we're so cool
I sent my mom a grocery list because I
wanted to make the family dinner and she
responded no one likes you I'm so
frigging exhausted because my dog is a
tank got home from your house at 8:30
p.m. last night after babysitting
Charlie all day so I was already tired
and hungry and then I came home too
squirted all over the white throw rug in
the dining room I was on my hands and
knees for one hour trying to clean the
rug I finally had a bite to eat and went
to bed around 11:00 p.m. then Barney
woke me up every hour to go outside to I
literally was up from midnight until
6:00 a.m. of course I then had to get up
for the day and he got to sleep all day
oh and I almost forgot that when I woke
up there were all over the dining room
rug again I don't know how so much can
come out of such a small dog are you
seeing your imaginary girlfriend today
my mom is obsessed with Al Roker so
she'll text me things like today al was
at Loyola University trying to break the
record for most amount of people crab
walking for two minutes with no touches
touching the ground
they had 494 people crab lucky which
beat the old record by 118
thanks for the Roker report Bob I sent
my mom a picture of a new bathing suit I
just thought and she said it's cute but
you got to start working out you're
beautiful but you're too heavy you don't
want it to get to the point where you
can't lose the weight even if you
workout in your room thanks so much mom
happy Mother's Day
[Applause]
I mean hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click subscribe this invisible
hamster will die